
# FDAi GPT Agent
## Description
system context to deep context specific agents for FDAi project 


## Introduction

This repository contains the FastAPI-based application designed to serve as a general-purpose GPT agent for FDAi projects. It leverages the capabilities of OpenAI's GPT, Langchain, and Llama Index to provide a powerful, flexible interface for natural language processing tasks.

## Getting Started
This application serves as a backend service, providing an interface to interact with GPT models for generating responses based on user queries, making it an invaluable tool for developers and researchers working in AI.

## Features

- **GPT Query Processing**: Process queries through GPT models to generate intelligent responses.
- **GitHub Repository Integration**: Automatically fetch and index content from specified GitHub repositories for enhanced query understanding.
- **VectorStoreIndex Utilization**: Leverage VectorStoreIndex for efficient query handling and response generation.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.9 or later
- Docker
- An active internet connection for downloading dependencies.

### Development Environment

1. **Clone the Repository**
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/FDAi-GPT-Agent.git
    cd FDAi-GPT-Agent
    ```

    To start the development environment locally using Docker Compose, ensure you have Docker and Docker Compose installed on your machine. Then, follow these steps:

2. Navigate to the repository's root directory.
3. Create a `.env` file based on the provided `.env.example`, adjusting values as necessary to match your development environment.
4. Run the following command to build and start the services:
  ```
  docker-compose up --build
  ```

This command will start all the necessary services defined in the `docker-compose.yml` file, including the FastAPI application and any dependent services like databases or message brokers.

# Usage
## API Documentation
Once the application is running, you can access the API documentation automatically generated by FastAPI by navigating to http://localhost:8000/docs in your web browser. This documentation provides detailed information about the available endpoints, request formats, and response data structures.

## Making Requests
You can interact with the API using standard HTTP requests. For detailed examples and parameters, refer to the auto-generated API documentation mentioned above.

## Additional Resources
For more advanced configurations and usage, consider adding OpenAPI documentation files to further describe your API. FastAPI generates these automatically, but you can customize and extend them as needed.
Consider adding a CONTRIBUTING.md file to outline how developers can contribute to the project.
A CHANGELOG.md file can be useful for tracking changes and updates over time.
